docs: update readme to add exemples (#51)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Api: README.md

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Api/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for ways to get started.

Please refer to [protoc-gen-doc](https://github.com/pseudomuto/protoc-gen-doc) to make sure to adhere to

> the format the plugin expects to correctly generate documentation. You can [find exemples at the end of protoc-gen-doc](https://github.com/pseudomuto/protoc-gen-doc#output-example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the format the plugin expects to correctly generate documentation. You can find examples at the end section of [protoc-gen-doc](https://github.com/pseudomuto/protoc-gen-doc#output-example).
```
